Add note for bug impacting tutorial (#706)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/tutorials/excel-tutorial-create-custom-functions.md

        // Note: in case of an error, the returned rejected Promise
        //    will be bubbled up to Excel to indicate an error.
    }
    

> > [!NOTE] In the January Insiders 1901 Build, there is a bug preventing fetch calls from executing which will result in seeing #VALUE!. > To workaround, this please use the [XMLHTTPRequest API](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/office/dev/add-ins/excel/custom-functions-runtime#requesting-external-data) to make the web request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE] In the January Insiders 1901 build, a known bug prevents `fetch` calls from executing. As a result, cells may instead show #VALUE!. As a workaround, please use the [XMLHTTPRequest API](https://docs.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/excel/custom-functions-runtime#requesting-external-data) to make the web request instead.
```

Reviewer: Maybe we should put this in the changelog section instead of here? Or in both places?
